<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" width="650">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th width="30">ID</th>
      <td width="70">UC-12</td>
      <th>Name</th>
      <td>Browse decisions</td>
      <th>Package</th>
      <td>Decision Management</td>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td colspan="2"><b>Actors</b></td>
      <td colspan="4">User</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td colspan="2"><b>Goal</b></td>
      <td colspan="4">Get an overview over all decisions and provide a detail view for a single decision.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td colspan="2"><b>Preconditions</b></td>
      <td colspan="4">The user is a member of the project for which he wants to browse through the decisions.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td colspan="2"><b>Basic flow</b></td>
      <td colspan="4"> 
      
<OL>
<li>UC-5 specifies how the user gets an overview about all decisions. This use case starts when the user selects a specific decision in the decision overview (which is part of the project detail view).</li>
<LI>The user chooses a decision</LI>
<LI>The system provide the user with detailed information about the current version of the decision
<UL>
<LI>name</LI>
<li>The date on which the decision was made (decided when)</li>
<li>The date on which the decision was changed</li>
<LI>selected decision template</LI>
<LI>textual elements (arguments) that have been specified according to the selected decision template</LI>
<LI>The link to the Open Pattern Repository</LI>
<LI>Current state of the decision and the initiators for that state.</LI>
<LI>Relationships from the decision to other related decisions with the relationship type.</LI>
<li>Incoming relationships, i.e. relationships in which the decision acts as the target. This includes information about the relationship type.</li>
<li>Requirements that substantiate the decision</li>
<li>Buttons to navigate to the previous version (only shown if there is a previous version) and a button to navigate to the following version (only shown if there is a following version). A click on one of these buttons will show information about the
previous version of the decision</li>
</UL>
</LI>
<li>The user selects "previous version".</li>

</OL>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td colspan="2"><b>Variations</b></td>
      <td colspan="4"></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td colspan="2"><b>Postconditions</b></td>
      <td colspan="4"></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>