= The Open Decision Repository project =

== Who and why? ==
The Open Pattern Repository (OPR) project was initiated as part of the doctoral research by [mailto:uwe@vanheesch.net Uwe van Heesch], supervised by [http://www.cs.rug.nl/~paris/ Paris Avgeriou]. It is a joint-venture project of the research group Software Engineering and Architecture (SEARCH), which is part of the Department of Mathematics and Computing Science at the University of Groningen/NL and the Software Engineering study programme at the Fontys University of Applied Sciences in Venlo/NL.

== Goals ==
The Open Decision Repository project is located in the domain of software architecture and architectural design decisions (AD). The aim of this project is to implement a proof-of-concept Computer-aided Software Engineering tool that allows companies or single individuals like software architects to efficiently document software design decisions. The tool (hereinafter application) should be realized as a web application that is completely free of charge, publicly available and open source. It should provide functionality to document, browse, update and delete AD for user defined projects. One of the main goals is to increase pace in the AD documentation process, therefore the application requires a strong focus on usability. Shortly the project can be defined as following.

Development of a web application that provides functionality to document and visualize architectural design decisions for software-intensive systems.

== Credits ==
The following students have contributed to the Open Decision Repository project.

 
 * [mailto:fragger123@gmail.com Tim Aerdts] (fragger123 at gmail.com)
 * [mailto:stefan.arians@gmail.com Stefan Arians] (stefan.arians at gmail.com)
 * [mailto:v.emrich@student.fontys.nl Vadim Emrich] (v.emrich at student.fontys.nl 
 * [mailto:m.klingen@student.fontys.nl Micheal Klingen] (m.klingen at student.fontys.nl)
 * [http://www.bripkens.de Ben Ripkens] (bripkens.dev at gmail.com)
 * [mailto:theodorus.rutten@student.fontys.nl Theo Rutten] (theodorus.rutten at student.fontys.nl)

== Get started ==
To get started you may want to check out the presentations and videos which you can find using the navigation on the left hand side. Especially the following [http://code.google.com/p/opendecisionrepository/wiki/HomecomingDay presentation] may be useful to understand the project.

== Related projects ==
An other project, the so called [http://code.google.com/p/openpatternrepository/ Open Pattern Repository], was also initiated by the SEARCH group. It is closely related and you may also want to take a look on it.