<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<ui:composition template="template-without-sidebar.xhtml" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ice="http://www.icesoft.com/icefaces/component"
                xmlns:odr="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/odr"
                xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">

    <ui:define name="head">
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="pagetitle">
        Plugin 
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="content">

        <h1>Visual Paradigm Plug-in</h1>
        <p>
            Since December 2011 we provide a plug-in for Visual Paradigm. 
            The plug-in has the following basic functionalities:
        <ul>
            <li>Importing decisions from decisionrepository.com</li>
            <li>Drawing a relationship view</li>
            <li>Drawing a chronological view</li>
            <li>Synchronize decisions to/from decisionrepository.com</li>
        </ul>
        </p>


        <h2>Introduction</h2>
        <p>
            Installing the plug-in is quite simple. We provide an automatic installer which should work in most cases. 
            However, should this not succeed you can always install it manually.
        </p>
        <h3>Automatic installation</h3>
        <h4><strong>Linux/OSX</strong></h4>
        <p>
            Installing for Linux and OSX is made easy using a shell script, if it does not work, please use the manual installation guide (see the following section).
        </p>
        <p>
            <ul>
            <li>Download the following shell script from our download mirror <a href="http://dl.decisionrepository.com">http://dl.decisionrepository.com</a>.</li>
            <li>Make it executable <p><i>chmod +x odr-plugin-installer.sh</i></p></li>
            <li>Run it <p><i>./odr-plugin-installer.sh</i></p></li>
            </ul>
            If it does not work, please add an issue to our issue tracker. In order to resolve the problem, please state clearly which OS system you are using and the error you encountered.
        </p>
        <h4><strong>Windows</strong></h4>
        <p>
            For now please refer to the manual installation steps below.
        </p>
        <h3>Manual Installation</h3>
        <p>
            Use the manual installation if the automatic one fails or if you prefer to do it manually. Simply follow these steps:
        </p>
        <p>
        <ul>
            <li>Download the plug-in .zip package from <a href="http://dl.decisionrepository.com">http://dl.decisionrepository.com</a>.</li>
            <li>Find your Visual Paradigm installation, e.g., <i>C:\Program Files\Visual Paradigm</i>, <i>/opt/VP_Suite</i>, <i>/usr/local/VP_Suite</i>.</li>
            <li>Make a directory called <i>plugins</i> in the Visual Paradigm folder.</li>
            <li>Extract the zip package so that you have <i>Visual Paradigm/plugins/ODR</i>.</li>
        </ul>
        </p>     
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>